Add polling jobs docs (#4738)
zowe/docs-site: docs/user-guide/ze-working-with-jobs.md

2. Click on the **Search** icon next to a profile and enter search criteria.

   Search results display under the profile in the **Side Bar**.
3. Right click on the profile and select the **Start Polling Active Jobs** option.
The **Poll interval (in ms) for: &lt;profile name&gt;** field displays the current interval value.
    - The default value is set to 5000 ms.
    - See [Defining a default interval for polling jobs and spool files](#defining-a-default-interval-for-polling-jobs-and-spool-files) to change the default value
    - Change the value by entering a different number (must be greater than or equal to 1000 ms).
5. Press the `Enter` key to confirm the interval time and start the polling action.

   The poll request is added to the poller and will show how many active jobs there are in the current filter.

Any new jobs matching the filter during polling will automatically appear in the **JOBS** tree.

Jobs that complete during polling will show a notification and return code for poll completetion.

### Stopping active jobs polling

In the **Side Bar**, right click on the profile and select the **Stop Polling Active Jobs** option.

> Alternatively, if all the jobs in the current filter have completed, polling will automatically be stopped.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if all the jobs in the current filter have completed, polling automatically stops.
```
